---
layout: post
title: RGB Dataset for study of posture assessment
---

There are two Datasets for the study of posture assessment available, upper-body posture assessment and whole-body posture assessment.
(TODO)

1. Upper-body posture assessment dataset. 
  Description (TODO).  Please refer to this paper for details. https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8019410
  
  
2. Whole-body posture assessment dataset.
  It is used for the study of posture assessment. It is re-annotated from the Human3.6M dataset [7] which is a
very large dataset for pose estimation. We establish a method of calculating REBA scores from images and ground-truth
3D skeleton data and employ it for the re-annotation. The training set, including sixteen scenarios and seven subjects
(1, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11) are annotated such that one out of ten frames is annotated. H36M dataset has a total of 52411 posture
samples, and each sample includes one 3D skeleton, four color images and corresponding 2D skeletons (four cameras),
one bounding box, nineteen REBA scores, and a viewpoint. REBA scores quantify all three kinds of activity risks, and in
this paper, only the six posture-related scores are used. The viewpoint is defined as the angle between the orientation of
hip joint and the direction from the hip joint to the camera. There are three categories, “front-view” (angle < 45), “sideview”
(45 < angle < 135), and “back-view” (135 < angle ).


Please contact the authors to get the link for downloading. 
Zewei Ding, zd027@uowmail.edu.au, University of Wollongong
